tonight the series finale of Modern
Family over the past 11 seasons we've
learned a great deal about the people on
on the show the characters but one thing
we don't know is who has been shooting
this documentary the whole time it is a
mystery that is about to be revealed
hi I'm Phil Dunphy this is my wife
Claire we're a part of a documentary
about family which has been in
production for a very long time yeah
you're looking at the 20/20 realtor of
the year Northwest Division four units
with three bedrooms or less online-only
Wow oh my gosh it's amazing even less so
the more words you use but why what what
was terrible Jimmy we're just yeah we're
living our lives live your lives less
terrible okay I want real keep it real
felt real our director Jimmy has been
taking taking a really long time because
he's psychopath no psychopaths are smart
this is real keep it real Turk okay
action
oh it's so loud fine Jimmy was actually
the wedding videographer for Jay and
Gloria's wedding it's right and after
the reception he hid in the trunk of our
car followed us home
and he hasn't stopped filming since I've
been observing the Pritchett and dumphy
families all day every day all night
every night since 2009 like a fly on on
their wall Jimmy isn't the most tactful
he gave us all nicknames yeah mine is
white precious ginger spice anyway and
every time he meets a gay guy he feels
the need to tell us about it
hello hi so I was at my allergies this
morning and because of the thing and he
is a receptionist named Griffin mm-hmm
you guys would love him okay super gay
you would totally click why because
we're gay oh you're being such a Griffin
right now I try not to influence my
subjects I like things to be very
natural but sometimes I do like to
introduce drama for instance right now
Alex thinks she didn't get into Harvard
because I swapped her acceptance letter
with a rejection letter I made in
Photoshop what oh go yourself you
freeloading creepy dick sad Alex Jimmy
is not what he to expect he's just a
regular guy who lives with us and eats
our food and asks us for money and
where's our clothes he even borrowed my
retainer once I'm pretty sure he sleeps
in our bathtub sometimes I can hear him
crying through the door we've developed
so many close relationships over the
years in fact my sound that Guillermo
has become very close with the
Pritchett's What's Wrong Minnie it's
nothing I just miss my dad
you mean Jade no my real dad Javier Oh
your real dad
yeah Manny I got something too it's okay
Guillermo and I made a mistake we should
have never ordered the bottomless
margaritas a brunch that day it's okay
it was the best sex I've ever had that's
not the point I'm excited right now and
I'm nervous right now because this is
the big day is here it's been 11 years
I've been shooting and I have whittled
more than 80 thousand hours of tape down
to my masterpiece I just want to say
that it has been my honor to document
your
Guillermo zhannar I feel like I am a
part of this family and we've had some
bumps along the way but I tell you
something when you see the final product
I think you're going to be very pleased
so without any further ado I like to
introduce you to you
[Music]
[Applause]
I am privileged to pronounce you modern
[Music]
you're welcome
are you kidding
[Applause]
I know that they love me no matter how
bad they get at me
no matter how many things they throw at
me that almost hit me in the head I know
that they love me unconditionally hey
I'm not gonna tell my parents you're
hiding up here but Kaylee's get my
retainer back oh hey Luke yeah I want
you to know something no matter what
happens you'll always be my special guy
and I will always be watching you please
stop saying that okay love that kid
that's a family you know what that is
that's a modern family good night
[Music]
you see that I was working from home
before anybody you can watch every
episode of Modern Family on iTunes
you've got plenty of time to do that